{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17440\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs32 \cf0 The program begins by defining a class called 
\fs28 CoffeeChats
\fs32  to manage coffee chat bookings.\
\
The program includes several static variables that store information about different industries, such as accounting, education, business, arts, and engineering.\
\
The 
\fs28 main
\fs32  method is the entry point of the program. It is responsible for starting the program by calling the 
\fs28 printing
\fs32  and 
\fs28 selecting
\fs32  methods.\
\
The 
\fs28 printing
\fs32  method prompts the user to choose an industry by displaying a list of options. The user is expected to enter a number between 1 and 10 to make a selection. If the user enters an invalid input, they will be prompted again until a valid input is provided.\
\
The 
\fs28 selecting
\fs32  method handles the user's industry selection and further actions based on the selected industry.\
\
If the user selects option 1 (All industries), they are presented with information about available coffee chats from various industries. They are then prompted to enter a name. If the entered name matches any of the predefined names, a message of gratitude is displayed. Otherwise, a thank-you message is displayed.\
\
If the user selects options 2, 5, 8, or 9 (specific industries), they are informed that no coffee chats meet the applied filter. They are then given options to go back to the industry selection or exit the program.\
\
If the user selects option 3, 4, 6, 7 (Education, Business, Arts, Engineering), they are presented with information about available coffee chats in the corresponding  industry. They are prompted to enter a number to register. Any other input, will display a thank-you message and exit.\
\
The program execution continues until the user chooses to exit the program\
}